Review : Raju Gari Gadhi 2 – Emotionally Charged ThrillerRelease date :  October 13, 2017
 123telugu.com Rating : 3/5 
Director :  Ohmkar
Producer :  Prasad V. Potluri, Niranjan Reddy, OAK Entertainments
Music Director :  S. Thaman
Starring :  Nagarjuna, Samantha, Seerat Kapoor


Raju Gari Gadhi 2 is one film which is being eagerly awaited all over. The film starring Nagarjuna and Samantha has finally hit the screens today. Let’s see whether it lives up to its expectations or not.
Story:-
The story of the film is set amidst a resort which is owned by three close friends. As time passes by, the boy gang starts facing weird experiences through an evil spirit(Samantha). Left with no choice, they approach a mentalist called Rudra(Nagarjuna). Who is this evil spirit? What does it have to do with the resort? How will Rudra deal with the entire scenario? That forms the rest of the story.
Plus Points:-
One of the biggest assets of the film is Samantha’s role. The star heroine is quite endearing as the spirit who goes through a lot of problems in the past. Sam’s performance in the climax is pretty good as she evokes superb emotions through her expressions. Nagarjuna does his role convincingly and does not go off board. He brings a lot of depth to the film with his screen presence. His confrontation scenes with Samantha during the climax have been nicely executed.











Vennela Kishore manages to evoke some laughs here and there. The second half of the film has decent emotions and right after Samantha enters, things get interesting.
Thaman’s background score is yet another highlight as he elevates the film quite well. Seerat Kapoor provides the necessary eye candy. Also, the cause for which Samantha gets into all sorts of problems has been showcased quite well.
Minus Points:
One of the biggest drawbacks is the lack of comedy. The fun that one expects from this franchise is clearly missing here. The comedy created by the three friends works only in parts.
The first half of the film is a bit of a let down as there is nothing much happening here. There is no horror or comedy and this is where the film drops. Yet another drawback of the film is that it is completely predictable. Storywise, it is the same horror thriller of a girl getting killed because of her problems and she taking revenge.
Technical Aspects:-
Production values of the film are top notch as the film looks quite rich in quality. The proceedings, visuals and the graphics have been done quite well. As said earlier, music by Thaman is very good. Dialogues are decent and so was the entire set up of the resort where the entire film takes place. The camerawork was quite beautiful as it showcased the horror effects and beach sorroundings in a good manner.
Coming to the director Ohmkar, he has taken the basic story of Malayalam film Pretham and has weaved a story around it. The way he has showcased Nagarjuna and Samantha in their roles during the second half is the biggest asset of the film. Sadly, he disappoints in the comedy and horror department. There was so much scope of both horror and comedy elements which Ohmkar did not utilize at all and made the film quite simple.
Verdict:-
On the whole, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 is a melodramatic thriller which has some good moments here and there. Things become interesting only because of Nagarjuna and Samantha’s superb performances during the second half. All those who expect good comedy and horror because of the name associated with the franchise will be a bit disappointed. The scenario is such as the film does not disappoint or excite you completely and ends up as a decent watch because of its star cast.
123telugu.com Rating : 3/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu Review


SummaryReviewer 123teluguReview Date 2017-10-14Reviewed Item Raju Gari Gadhi 2 telugu movie reviewAuthor Rating 3 
			Articles that might interest youReview : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama  Review : Adirindhi – Commercialized Message  Review : C/o Surya – Okay in parts  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  Nagarjuna Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Telugu Movie Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Cinema Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Film Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Movie Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Movie Review in Telugu, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Review and Rating, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Telugu Cinema Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Telugu Movie Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Telugu Review, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 telugu Review and Rating