Review : Next Nuvve – Comedy dominates horrorRelease date :  November 03, 2017
 123telugu.com Rating : 2.75/5 
Director :  Prabhakar Podakandla
Producer :  Bunny Vasu
Music Director :  Sai Karthik
Starring :  Aadi, Vaibhavi Shandilya, Rashmi Gautam, Brahmaji


Aadhi Sai Kumar’s latest flick, Next Nuvve has raised expectations among the audience with its trailer and first look posters. TV actor Prabhakar has turned director with this film which has hit the screens today. Let’s see how it is.
Story:-
Karthi(Aadhi Sai Kumar), who is deeply struck by financial issues gets to know that his father(Posani) has left a resort for him. In order to make things meet, Karthi goes to his village and reopens the resort. From day one, Karthi notices drastic changes in the resort as weird things start creeping up most of the time. What kind of changes did he notice? and What is the main reason behind these changes? To know this, you have to watch the film in theaters.
Plus Points:
Hero Aadhi Saikumar’s performance is decent in parts. Heroine Vaibhavi did an okay job as hero’s girlfriend and her performance in horror scenes is pretty decent.



Noted actor Brahmaji is undoubtedly a major plus for the film. His comedy timing and typical one-liners evoke a few laughs here and there. Anchor Rashmi Gautam performed decently in her limited screen presence.








Noted actor, Raghu Babu’s comedy in the pre-climax sequence is good and his getup and hairstyle were designed well. Comedians Prudhvi and Thagubothu Ramesh entertain in parts with their comedy.
Minus Points:
One of the major minus points of the film is it’s weak and abrupt storyline. Prabhakar, who debuted as a director with this film has failed in narrating the film quite engagingly. Though Aadhi gave a decent performance, his character was not elevated properly which may not appeal to a larger section of the audience.
There are many silly and illogic scenes which will surely test the patience of the audience to no extent. Yet another drawback is that the director failed to give a clarity on major topics like why the ghost stays in the resort over the years and what is the hidden story behind it.
Technical Aspects:
Director Prabhakar, who has chosen a horror comedy genre as his debut film has done a below average job with his execution. He should have taken time and sit on the script for even better results. Editing is not up to the mark as many scenes in the film end up abruptly without any proper conclusion.
The cinematography is okay as most of the film runs in a single resort. Music by Sai Karthik is good as he has given some impressive background score which is most important for these kinds of films. Production values are good for this limited budget film.
Verdict:
On the whole, Next Nuvve is yet another routine horror comedy which falls short of expectations. Though Brahmaji and Raghu Babu’s comedy entertain in parts, the flat and abrupt proceedings may not appeal to a larger session of the audience. Those who like horror comedies and desperately want to watch a film this weekend, you can try this film out but go in with no expectations at all.
123telugu.com Rating : 2.75/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu Review


Articles that might interest youReview : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama  Review : Adirindhi – Commercialized Message  Review : C/o Surya – Okay in parts  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  Aadi Next Nuvve Telugu Movie Review, Next Nuvve Cinema Review, Next Nuvve Film Review, Next Nuvve Movie Review, Next Nuvve Movie Review in Telugu, Next Nuvve Review, Next Nuvve Review and Rating, Next Nuvve Telugu Cinema Review, Next Nuvve Telugu Movie Review, Next Nuvve Telugu Review, Next Nuvve telugu Review and Rating