Music Review : Mahanubhavudu – Refreshing Thaman impressesThe complete audio of Sharwanand’s Mahanubhavudu is finally out today. Composed by the talented Thaman, let’s now see how this album turns out to be.
Song 1: Rendu Kallu 
Analysis: The first and the best song on the album is Rendu Kallu. Thaman is a master when it comes to romantic ballads and this number is no exception. The singing by Armaan Mallik, superb lyrics and moreover, the peppy tune and happy atmosphere in the song hits you right away. The sizzling chemistry between the lead pair and Maruthi’s taking will make this song even bigger hit once the film releases.

Song 2: Mahanubhavudave Raa 
Analysis: The second song and one of the best in the album is the title number Mahanubhavudave Raa. This is a song which reminds you of a westernized slokam. Thaman scores full marks as he infuses a classical touch to the number with a very intriguing tune. Geetha Madhuri shines big time as her voice suits this different song completely and the lyrics of the number only adds to the celebration.
 
Song 3: Kiss Me Baby
Analysis: The third song Kiss Me Baby which is sung by Thaman himself has a very interesting set up. The lyrics are very uptown and have been nicely interlaced into this westernized song. What’s special is that the song has been kept quite groovy and has no undue effects to sidetrack the audience attention.
Song 4: My Love is back 
Analysis: Next in line is My Love is Back which is a very westernized Sufi number which is superbly composed by Thaman. Looks like he has really worked hard on this album as his creativity clearly shows. Rahul Nambiar gives his heart and soul to this song which catches your imagination right away. The young romance is clearly visible in this lovely song which is an instant hit too.
Song 5: Bhaamalu Bhaamalu
Analysis: Moving on, the fifth song in the album is Bhaamalu Bhaamalu which is a total fun number. This song hits you right away with its quirky tune which is quite massy and a lot of fun at the same time. What clicks in this song are the funny and teasing lyrics which describe women and their behavior towards men.
Song 6 : Eppudaina 
Analysis: The last song on the album is the romantic yet emotional number Eppudaina which is brilliantly sung by Shwetha Pandit. The song is filled with a lot of love and hard felt emotions. What clicks with the number is that Thaman makes it sound quite soothing and simple to hear. A beautiful montage number which will impress you even more after you see the touching visuals on screen.
Verdict:-
Thaman is one talented musician and we all know that. Very often, he is criticized for giving the same kind of music in most of his films. But the fact is that one needs to pull out the right stuff from him and Maruthi has exactly done that as you will see a completely new Thaman with Mahanubhavaudu. The title song, Rendu Kallu, My Love is Back and Eppudaina are our picks and will be even bigger hits post the film’s release. Finally, as Thaman is very good with the romantic genre, he impresses once again and gives a refreshing album which will help the film big time.




