Review : C/o Surya – Okay in partsRelease date :  November 10, 2017
 123telugu.com Rating : 2.75/5 
Director :  Suseenthiran
Producer :  Chakri Chigurupati
Music Director :  D. Imman
Starring :  Sundeep Kishan, Mehreen Pirzada


Young hero Sundeep Kishan, who is desperately waiting for a good hit has come up with a film called Care Of Suriya. Directed by Shuseenthiran, this film has hit the screens today. Let’s see whether the film manages to impress us or not.
Story:
Surya(Sundeep Kishan) is an easy going guy who leads a happy life with his friends and family. When everything seem to be going fine, a person called Samba Sivudu (Harish Uthaman) enters into his life and creates a big disturbance. What disturbance did Samba Sivudu create? and How did Surya set everything right? To know this, you have to watch the film in theaters.
Plus points:
Sundeep Kishan, who is continuously picking up good roles once again impresses the audience with his acting. His performance in emotional scenes is good and gives a lot of depth to the proceedings.



Bubbly beauty, Mehreen attracts us with her cute looks. Tamil actor Vikranth, who acted as hero’s close friend gave a decent performance as a daring and arrogant person.








The girl who acted as Sundeep’s sister impresses in her crucial role. Harish Uthaman, who played as the main antagonist did justice to his role. Last but not least, comedian Satya impresses us with his comedy timing and typical expressions.
Minus Points:
Care Of Surya has got a decent storyline which could have been executed in an even better way. But the director failed to narrate it in a gripping manner. The film takes its own sweet time to enter into the main story which is one of the drawbacks of the film.
At interval point, the director reveals a suspense point and raises curiosity. But during the latter half, he fails to live up to the expectations created and narrates some illogical scenes.
Heroine Mehreen has nothing much to do with the film as she is seen hardly in three to four scenes and a song.
Technical Aspects:
Director Shuseenthiran, who shot to fame in Telugu with Na Peru Siva has once again chosen the same genre script but failed to create the same magic. Editing work by Kasi Viswanathan is decent as he kept the run time of the film short and crispy. Cinematography by Laxman Kumar is good and very apt. Music by D. Imman is decent but his background score for a few key scenes is impressive. A sad and a melody song which come in the first half are very good. Production values for this limited budget film are good.
Verdict:
On the whole, Care of Surya is a simple film which could have been executed in an even better manner. Though there are a few high moments in the second half, the director fails to maintain the same momentum throughout. Those who like thrillers and are desperately waiting to watch a film this weekend can give this film a shot but we suggest you keep your expectations quite low.
123telugu.com Rating : 2.75/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu Review


Articles that might interest youReview : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama  Review : Adirindhi – Commercialized Message  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller  Review : Next Nuvve – Comedy dominates horror   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  C/o Surya Cinema Review, C/o Surya Film Review, C/o Surya Movie Review, C/o Surya Movie Review in Telugu, C/o Surya Review, C/o Surya Review and Rating, C/o Surya Telugu Cinema Review, C/o Surya Telugu Movie Review, C/o Surya Telugu Review, C/o Surya telugu Review and Rating, Care of Surya Movie Review, Care of Surya Review, Sundeep Kishan C/o Surya Telugu Movie Review