Review : Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi – Emotional tale of friendshipRelease date :  October 27, 2017
 123telugu.com Rating : 3/5 
Director :  Kishore Tirumala
Producers :  Krishna Chaitanya, Sravanthi Ravi Kishore
Music Director :  Devi Sri Prasad
Starring :  Ram Pothineni, Anupama Parameswaran, Lavanya Tripathi


Vunnadi Okkate Zindagi is one film which has been promoted quite heavily. Directed by Kishore Tirumala, this film has hit the screens today. Let’s see how it is.
Story :-
Abhi(Ram) and Varun(Sree Vishnu) are childhood friends who are very close to each other. The twist in the tale arises with the entry of Maha(Anupama) and good friends become loggerheads with each other. What happened between the two friends? What problem did Maha create? and where does Magi(Lavanya) fit in this entire set up?. To know the answers to all these questions, you need to watch the film on the big screen.
Plus Points :-
The way the friendship factor is showcased between these two friends is narrated quite well especially in the second half. The way things are showcased convincingly during the climax will surely impress the audience.



Ram is perfect in his role which has two shades. He looks very handsome and also carries his emotions with a lot of experience. All his scenes with Anupama and Sree Vishnu have been showcased quite well.








Anupama is the star of the film as she has a very meaty role. She does superbly in her character and looks quite elegant during her stay in the first half. Her chemistry with Ram has been elevated quite well.
Last but not the least, Sree Vishnu gets yet another meaty role. Though he is not there much during the first half, he makes it up during the later part and makes the film complete. He is a talented actor who has the capability to slip in any role and it will be interesting to see how he picks films from here. Finally, after Pelli Choopulu, Priyadarshi gets a lengthy role and entertains nicely throughout the film.
Minus Points :-
One of the biggest drawbacks is that the film is a bit slow. The proceedings take their own sweet time to establish themselves. The film needs serious editing to make things crisp and fast.
During the first half, there are not many scenes that elevate the friendship between the two close friends. Some heavy duty emotional scenes should have been added to give real meaning of friendship. Lavanya Tripathi looks out of place as her role has not been dealt well. Also, her look and the way she has been presented looks below average.
One more aspect is you get the feeling that all the emotional and good scenes are kept aside only for the last 10 minutes and up till then proceedings are quite routine. Story-wise too, the film has a very old school story line of two friends landing into problems because of a girl.
Technical Aspects :-
Production values by Sravanti movies are top notch. The film has a very pleasant feel as locations chosen, backdrop created, everything looks quite neat. Music by Devi Sri Prasad is just about okay as there was a clear scope of having better romantic and friendship based songs. Dialogues are impressive and give a depth to the film. The camerawork is also very good as it showcases Vizag and its surrounding areas nicely.
Coming to the director Kishore Tirumala, he has done a decent job with the film. He could not narrate the film on a very interesting note as the line chosen itself is very thin. Scenes wise, his execution is good but overall he makes the proceedings a bit simple and not that exciting.
Verdict :-
On the whole, Vunnadi Okkate Zingadi is a simple and emotional tale of friendship and love. Good bonding between the friends, Ram and Anupama’s love track and some comedy in the second half are basic assets. The film will attract the youth more as it is targeted towards them. But for the general audience, the proceedings are a bit slow and predictable which makes the film a passable watch this weekend.
123telugu.com Rating : 3/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu Review


SummaryReviewer 123teluguReview Date 2017-10-29Reviewed Item Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi telugu movie reviewAuthor Rating 3 
			Articles that might interest youReview : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama  Review : Adirindhi – Commercialized Message  Review : C/o Surya – Okay in parts  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  Ram VOZ Telugu Movie Review, Ram Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Telugu Movie Review, VOZ Cinema Review, VOZ Film Review, VOZ Telugu Cinema Review, VOZ Telugu Movie Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Cinema Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Film Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Movie Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Movie Review in Telugu, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Review and Rating, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Telugu Cinema Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Telugu Movie Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi Telugu Review, Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi telugu Review and Rating