Review : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama
Release date :  November 10, 2017
123telugu.com Rating : 3/5 
Director :  Mysskin
Producer :  G. Hari
Music Director :  Arrol Corelli
Starring :  Vishal, Anu Emmanuel, Andrea Jeremiah, Prasanna


Young hero Vishal, is ready with yet another dubbing film of his. Titled Detective, this mystery thriller has hit the screens today. Let’s see how it is.
Story:
Advaita Bhushan(Vishal) is a pretty famous detective in Vizag. He often cracks cases which even the cops do not manage to accomplish. One fine day, a school going kid comes to him with a case of his dog being killed. Bhushan starts his interrogation but finds out that there is a huge setup and contract killers behind all this. Well, how does he manage to track all of this is the whole film about.
Plus Points:-
Vishal is the center of attraction and backbone for this film. He is pretty impressive in the role of an eccentric detective. The way he operates and nabs the criminals has been showcased in a decent manner.



The second half is where the actual action begins as the main links to the suspense story are revealed clearly. The climax portions and all the murders have been showcased in a very interesting manner.








The film has a unique screenplay and runs on a different approach altogether and this makes certain investigation scenes quite gripping. Andrea is very impressive in her negative role. Anu Emanuel does best as Vishal’s maidservant.
Minus Points:-
The film has a serious setup and things are not cleared during the first half. This is the time when the viewers are confused with some weird happenings. At one point, you won’t understand what is happening as the answer to these are only known during the last 20 minutes. Because of this, the film bogs down and never takes an aggressive start.
Generally, investigative thrillers are quite racy but the director of Detective takes his own sweet time to establish everything making the film very slow at times. There are certain logics which go against the film like a detective taking the upper hand on the cops and dealing things by his own.
Technical Aspects:-
Detective has decent technical values as it is made on a very good scale. The camerawork is very impressive as it gives the film a feel of a serious thriller. Telugu dubbing was very good and so was the background score. The fights have been choreographed quite well and especially the Chinese fight is superbly done.
Coming to the director Mysskin, he has done a decent job with the film and showcased it in a new set up. The manner in which he goes about investigating the case makes things interesting most of the time. Had he narrated the murder mysteries on an even crispier note, things would have been even better.
Verdict:-
On the whole, Detective is an investigative crime drama which has some interesting moments. A gripping second half and some decent performances are huge assets of this film. Even though the first half takes a long time to get on to the actual story line, once it catches speed, the film ends up a decent watch from there. All those who love screenplay based mystery thrillers will like this film. But for others, it is just an average watch.
123telugu.com Rating : 3/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu Review


Articles that might interest youReview : Adirindhi – Commercialized Message  Review : C/o Surya – Okay in parts  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller  Review : Next Nuvve – Comedy dominates horror   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  Care of Surya Review, Detective Cinema Review, Detective Film Review, Detective Movie Review, Detective Movie Review in Telugu, Detective Review, Detective Review and Rating, Detective Telugu Cinema Review, Detective Telugu Movie Review, Detective Telugu Review, Detective telugu Review and Rating, Vishal Detective Telugu Movie Review