Review : Adirindhi – Commercialized MessageRelease date :  November 09, 2017
 123telugu.com Rating : 3.25/5 
Director :  Atlee Kumar
Producer :  N. Ramasamy, Hema Rukmani
Music Director :  A. R. Rahman
Starring :  Vijay, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Kajal Aggarwal, Nithya Menen, S. J. Surya


Vijay’s Mersal is one film which has created a sensation of sorts in Tamil. Now, its Telugu version, Adirindhi has hit the screens today. Let’s see how it is.
Story:-
Bhargav(Vijay) is a sincere doctor who does medication for free. Seeing his service, a renowned organization in Europe confers him with an award. This is also the time when a lookalike of Bhargav, who is a magician, kills one of the doctors who has come for the same award ceremony. As a result of this, Bhargav gets arrested by the cops. Who is this Vijay? What does he have to do with Bhargav? and what is the scam behind all these murders?. To know the answers, you need to watch the film on the big screen.
Plus Points:-
Vijay is undoubtedly the biggest pillar and carries the entire film on his shoulders. The way he has portrayed all his roles is quite enticing. Vijay was especially good in the role of a village head. Adirindhi is a feast for Vijay fans as there are many mass elements which have been showcased nicely at regular intervals.



The basic story idea is very good as the crimes in the medical field have been showcased quite well. What clicks with the film are the strong emotions. The proceedings showcased have some good emotional appeal and give an edge to the film. Nithya Menen gets a meaty role and does quite well.








The first half is particularly good as the mind games played and confusion created has been elevated effectively. The film looks rich and has a huge scale which is shown through some good visuals.
Minus Points:-
Even though the crucial flashback episode is very good, it is painfully slow. Director Atlee takes his sweet time to bring up the main issue. This is also the time where the film has some heavy Tamil flavor which might bog down the Telugu audience a bit.
Even though the point selected is good, it has not been dealt well at the end of the film as the makers opt for a very cinematic ending. We seriously wonder as to why star heroines like Samantha and Kajal have agreed to be a part of the film as they have absolutely nothing to do.
Technical Aspects:
Surprisingly, A R Rahman’s music is disappointing as not even one song manages to register. But A R’s background score is terrific and elevates the heroism to another level. Telugu dubbing is neat and so were the dialogues. The camerawork is quite gripping as the village visuals and the action elements have been showcased neatly. As said earlier, production values are top notch. Vijay has been styled quite nicely in the film.
Coming to the director Atlee, he has done a good job with the film. Even though he is very young, the manner in which he has handled an intense subject is very impressive. He does not compromise on the narration part and showcases the film in a neat manner. Probably, because of this, many might feel some lag in the proceedings during the second half.
Verdict:-
On the whole, Adirindi is an intense masala entertainer which deals with the discrepancies in the medical field. Vijay’s one-man show, good first half and super strong emotions hold the film for most of the time. The film has very nicely placed mass elements which will keep the fans interested. If you ignore the lengthy runtime and a bit slow second half, this film has in it to make your weekend quite enjoyable and decent.
123telugu.com Rating : 3.25/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu Review


Articles that might interest youReview : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama  Review : C/o Surya – Okay in parts  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller  Review : Next Nuvve – Comedy dominates horror   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  Adirindhi Cinema Review, Adirindhi Film Review, Adirindhi Movie Review, Adirindhi Movie Review in Telugu, Adirindhi Review, Adirindhi Review and Rating, Adirindhi Telugu Cinema Review, Adirindhi Telugu Movie Review, Adirindhi Telugu Review, Adirindhi telugu Review and Rating, Adirindi Telugu Movie Review, Vijay Adirindhi Telugu Movie Review, Vijay Adirindi Telugu Movie Review