Review : Nenu Kidnap Iyanu – Half baked crime dramaRelease date :  October 06, 2017
 123telugu.com Rating : 2.25/5 
Director :  Sreekarababu
Producers : Madhavi
Music Director :  Srikanth
Starring :  Posani Krishna Murali and others


Continuing the trend of low budget films, yet another movie, Nenu Kidnap Iyyanu has hit the screen today. Let’s see how it is.
Story :-
The film is based on the story of a group of friends who decide to start up a software company. They take their project and meet a top-notch IT person called Dubey(Posani). Impressed by their work, Dubey appoints them as his teammates and promises them to take their project to an even higher level.
The twist in the tale arises when Dubey sells off the project to another company and makes a lot of money. Rest of the story is as to how the friends teach Dubey a lesson and get their project back.
Plus Points :-



Posani Krishna Murali, who played an MNC company boss impresses to an extent with his typical mannerisms and body language. His dialogues evoke a few laughs here and there.








The new bunch of artists, who played the main leads did an okay job in their roles. Comedians Prudhvi and Raghu Babu are decent in their respective characters and entertain in parts. Prudhvi’s dialogues as a lawyer are especially good in the climax sequence.
Minus Points :-
One of the major minus points of the film is the flat and boring narration. Though the runtime is crispy, the audience gets the feel of the film going on forever. The way the friends manipulate Posani looks over the top and unconvincing. Also, the way all the friends get together and decide to start a software company has not been showcased effectively.
Star comedian, Brahmanandam, who made a special appearance totally disappoints with some outdated comedy punches. The film is filled with many illogical scenes which look totally over the top.
Technical Aspects :-
Director Srikar Babu’s idea of mixing technology in a kidnap crime drama is good but he failed in executing the story in a gripping and interesting manner. Except for a few technology-related scenes, the screenplay is totally outdated with a flat narration.
The cinematography is okay and a few natural locations in Vizag are captured well. Editing work is adequate. There are a few unwanted scenes which can be easily chopped off.
Music by Srikanth is decent and two situational songs which come in the first half are good to listen. Production values for this limited budget film are good.
Verdict :-
On the whole, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu is a half-baked crime drama which has nothing much to offer. Though Posani’s acting and typical mannerism evoke a few laughs, the boring and outdated narration without any proper engaging scenes will not appeal to a larger section of the audience and makes this film a disappointing watch this weekend.
123telugu.com Rating : 2.25/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu movie Review


Articles that might interest youReview : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama  Review : Adirindhi – Commercialized Message  Review : C/o Surya – Okay in parts  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Cinema Review, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Film Review, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Movie Review, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Movie Review in Telugu, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Review, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Review and Rating, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Telugu Cinema Review, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Telugu Movie Review, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu Telugu Review, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu telugu Review and Rating