Review : Gulf – Realistic tale of sufferingRelease date :  October 13, 2017
 123telugu.com Rating : 2.5/5 
Director :  P. Sunil Kumar Reddy
Producers :  Yekkali Ravindra Babu, Ramani Kumar
Music Director :  Praveen Immadi
Starring :  Chetan Maddineni, Dimple


Continuing the trend of low budget films, yet another movie which has hit the screens today is Gulf. Directed by Sunil Kumar Reddy, let’s now see how this film turns out to be.
Story:-
Siva(Chetan) is a happy go lucky youth who wants to go to the Gulf and earn good money. Even though his parents disapprove of his choice, he somehow reaches Dubai. There, he meets Lakshmi(Dimple Hayati) who is also in Dubai for the same purpose. Siva’s friendship with Lakshmi transforms into love but they fall in all sorts of problems like any other Indian public who works in Gulf countries.
As time passes by, they land in deep trouble and one fine day, decide to head back to India. Did they make it back safe to India? and what problems do they face in the course of time is the whole film about.
Plus Points:-



On the biggest assets of the film is the backdrop itself. Director Sunil Kumar has nicely showcased how Indian workers face problems in the Gulf and how they are treated by their bosses. Also, the way the interim politics amidst the Indians plays a big role has also been shown well.








The basic emotions that all Indians go through when they meet their families after a long time has been dealt in a very emotional manner. Heroine Dimple Hayati is quite impressive in her role and showcases wonderful emotions.
Minus Points:-
After a decent first half, the film goes down drastically during the second half. The hero starts agitating against the Arabs and these sections could have been handled well.
Also, the director shows too many problems yet again in the second half rather than concluding them on a quick note. Even though the love track between the lead pair is decent, it is a dragged a bit too much at times.
The climax of the film is a bit disappointing and might not go well with most of the audience. The film suffers from continuity factor and this is clearly visible on the screen.
Technical Aspects:-
Praveen Emmadi’s music is decent. Camerawork by S V Sivaram is good and showcases the film in a realistic light. Editing is apt and so were the dialogues. Production values by M S Kumar are pretty good. Coming to the director Sunil Kumar, he has chosen a very interesting subject and also showcased it well during the first half. But the way he loses his grip on the later part and makes the film go wayward is pretty disappointing.
Verdict:-
On the whole, Gulf is a very realistic film about the problems that Indians face in the Gulf countries. The backdrop is quite interesting and the director manages to showcase it nicely halfway through. But some dragged out narration and lack of the depth in the proceedings during the second half make the film get a documentary kind of a feel. All those whose close ones work in the Gulf will relate to this film but for the regular audience, it is a below average watch this week.
123telugu.com Rating : 2.5/5
 Reviewed by 123telugu Team
Click here for Telugu Review


Articles that might interest youReview : Detective – Investigative Crime Drama  Review : Adirindhi – Commercialized Message  Review : C/o Surya – Okay in parts  FDFS : Highlights from C/o Surya  Review : PSV Garuda Vega – Slick Action Thriller   

																				

																			

																				   Ad :        Teluguruchi - Learn.. Cook.. Enjoy the food    


	

			
															
                                        

Tweet
                               
									
									
							

 
                                        
                                        
																				  

																				

 
																				



      
    Subscribe to our Youtube Channel   
   Telugu Ruchi is a one-stop cooking channel from Mallemaala where you get to learn some mouth-watering recipes within no time. Some renowned and experienced chefs will showcase the easiest and best delicacies from all over.     
  
   

   
 



		




	
 



 Comments 		 


																			


																				  
																	
																				
																					
																																																	
																																								
																																																							
																				
																									
																					TAGS:  Chetan Maddineni Gulf Telugu Movie Review, Gulf Cinema Review, Gulf Film Review, Gulf Movie Review, Gulf Movie Review in Telugu, Gulf Review, Gulf Review and Rating, Gulf Telugu Cinema Review, Gulf Telugu Movie Review, Gulf Telugu Review, Gulf telugu Review and Rating